Initial support for dynamic gufuncs (#5938)
numba/numba: docs/source/user/vectorize.rst

If you require precise support for various type signatures, you should
specify them in the :func:`~numba.vectorize` decorator, and not rely
on dynamic compilation.

Dynamic generalized universal functions
=======================================

> Similar to a dynamic universal function, if you do not specif any types to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to a dynamic universal function, if you do not specify any types to
```

numba generates new kernels for previously unsupported input types. The
following set of interpreter interactions will illustrate how dynamic
compilation works for a :class:`~numba.GUFunc`::

   >>> x = np.arange(5, dtype=np.int64)
   >>> y = 10
   >>> res = np.zeros_like(x)
   >>> g(x, y, res)
   >>> res
   array([5, 6, 7, 8, 9])
   >>> g.types
   ['ll->l']

If this was a normal :func:`guvectorize` function, we would have seen an
exception complaining that the ufunc could not handle the given input types.
When we call :func:`g()` with the input arguments, numba creates a new loop
for the input types.

We can add additional loops by calling :func:`g` with new arguments::

   >>> x = np.arange(5, dtype=np.double)
   >>> y = 2.2
   >>> res = np.zeros_like(x)
   >>> g(x, y, res)

We can now verify that Numba added a second loop for dealing with
floating-point inputs, :code:`"dd->d"`.

   >>> g.types  # shorthand for g.ufunc.types
   ['ll->l', 'dd->d']

One can also verify that Numpy ufunc casting rules are working as expected::

   >>> x = np.arange(5, dtype=np.int64)
   >>> y = 2.2
   >>> res = np.zeros_like(x)
   >>> g(x, y, res)
   >>> res

> If you need support for varios type signatures, you should not rely on dynamic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need precise support for various type signatures, you should not rely on dynamic
```

I'm suggesting adding "precise" as in the doc in dufunc:

> If you require precise support for various type signatures

because dynamic-gufunc can support multiple type signatures but it will compile new one if there are no exact match.
